update readme.md for helmchart (#172)
hmcts/version-reporter-services: reports/helmcharts/README.md

# Helm Reports Microservice

The Version Reporter Service MicroServices Project

## Helm Charts

> This directory contains Helm charts used for deploying various services. Helm is a package manager for Kubernetes that allows you to define, install, and upgrade even the most complex Kubernetes applications.

Reviewer: Think this could be updated to be more accurate?
This dir contains a script which fetches helm objects from a cluster by running as a job, and using helm whatup tells us the latest version and our deployed version etc etc
Examples of apps that this includes

## Scripts

### Running the Deployment Scripts

The Helm charts use two scripts: `helm-chart-versions.sh` and `save-to-cosmos.py`.

#### Prerequisites

1. Ensure you have Python installed. You can install Python using Homebrew:

    ```sh
    brew install python
    ```

2. Install the required Python dependencies. Navigate to the directory containing `requirements.txt` and run:

    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

#### Environment Variables

You will need to set the following environment variables before the scripts can connect to Cosmos DB:

- `COSMOS_DB_URI`
- `COSMOS_KEY`

Additionally, set the necessary environment variables for your cluster and environment:

- `CLUSTER_NAME`
- `ENVIRONMENT`

#### Running the Scripts

1. Run the `helm-chart-versions.sh` script to generate the Helm chart versions report:

    ```sh
    ./helm-chart-versions.sh
    ```
2. Run the `save-to-cosmos.py` script to save the results to Cosmos DB:

    ```sh
    python save-to-cosmos.py

>     ```

Reviewer: Doesn't the shell script do all of this in one?
https://github.com/hmcts/version-reporter-services/blob/master/reports/helmcharts/helm-chart-versions.sh#L63-L67

# Helm Reports Microservice

The Version Reporter Service MicroServices Project

## Helm Charts

This directory contains a script that fetches Helm objects from a Kubernetes cluster by running as a job. Using the `helm whatup` command to extract the latest information about the Helm charts.

Examples of applications that this includes are:

- Keda
- Flux-system
- Kured

## Scripts

### Running the Deployment Scripts

> The Helm charts use two scripts: `helm-chart-versions.sh` and `save-to-cosmos.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Helm Charts reporting service uses two main scripts: `helm-chart-versions.sh` and `save-to-cosmos.py`.
```

#### Prerequisites

1. Ensure you have Python installed. You can install Python using Homebrew:

    ```sh
    brew install python
    ```

2. Install the required Python dependencies. Navigate to the directory containing `requirements.txt` and run:

    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

#### Environment Variables

You will need to set the following environment variables before the scripts can connect to Cosmos DB:

- `COSMOS_DB_URI`
- `COSMOS_KEY`

Additionally, set the necessary environment variables for your cluster and environment:

- `CLUSTER_NAME`
- `ENVIRONMENT`

#### Running the Scripts

1. Run the `helm-chart-versions.sh` script to generate the Helm chart versions report:

    ```sh
    ./helm-chart-versions.sh
    ```

    If you want to run the script locally without sending data to Cosmos DB, set the `SAVE_TO_COSMOS` environment variable to `false`:

    ```sh
    export SAVE_TO_COSMOS=false
    ```

### How It Works

The Helm chart reports work as follows:

1. **helm-chart-versions.sh**:

>     - This script scans specified Helm charts and extracts version information.

Reviewer: Is this correct? It was scanning and filtering by namespace when I last saw, I think worth making it clear that's how it's fetching certain charts
